Biome Name,Description
Auroral Garden,A biome full of rainbow birch and fir trees with frosted grass and icy irises where no hostile mobs spawn.
Bayou,A murky wetland biome with willow trees, cattails along the shore, and dense ground ferns inspired by southern USA swamps.
Bamboo Grove,A lush jungle-like biome filled with bamboo and dense vegetation.
Bog,A damp, muddy biome with dark water, thick vegetation, and a swamp-like atmosphere.
Boreal Forest,A cold forest biome dominated by coniferous trees and sparse undergrowth.
Cherry Blossom Grove,A peaceful biome filled with cherry blossom trees and pink petals covering the ground.
Clover Patch,A grassy biome featuring abundant clover plants and gentle terrain.
Cold Desert,A barren, sandy biome with little vegetation and a colder climate than typical deserts.
Coniferous Forest,A dense forest of evergreen trees with darker tones and cooler climate.
Crag,A rocky biome with steep cliffs, jagged terrain, and minimal vegetation.
Crystalline Chasm,A dramatic biome with crystalline formations embedded in rocky terrain.
Dead Forest,A lifeless forest biome filled with dead trees and a bleak atmosphere.
Dryland,A dry, grassy biome with sparse vegetation and warm conditions.
Dune Beach,A sandy biome with dunes and coastal features.
Eucalyptus Forest,A warm biome featuring tall eucalyptus trees and sparse undergrowth.
Fen,A wetland biome similar to a swamp with shallow water and plant life.
Flower Meadow,A vibrant meadow filled with a variety of colorful flowers.
Garden,A decorative biome featuring cultivated-looking vegetation and flowers.
Grove,A lightly wooded biome with scattered trees and open grassy areas.
Heathland,A shrub-dominated biome with rolling terrain and sparse trees.
Highland,A hilly biome with elevated terrain and scattered vegetation.
Jade Cliffs,A mountainous biome with steep cliffs and lush greenery.
Land of Lakes,A biome filled with numerous lakes and water features surrounded by greenery.
Lavender Fields,A biome covered in purple lavender flowers creating a distinct landscape.
Lush Swamp,A wetter and greener variation of a swamp biome with dense vegetation.
Maple Woods,A forest biome dominated by maple trees with autumn-like colors.
Marsh,A flat wetland biome with shallow water and abundant plant life.
Meadow,A simple grassy biome with flowers and gentle terrain.
Mystic Grove,A magical biome with glowing trees and mystical atmosphere.
Ominous Woods,A dark forest biome with eerie lighting and dense tree coverage.
Orchard,A biome filled with fruit-bearing trees arranged in a structured manner.
Origin Valley,A rare biome with dramatic terrain and unique vegetation.
Outback,A dry, rugged biome inspired by Australian landscapes.
Overgrown Beach,A coastal biome with dense vegetation overtaking sandy shores.
Prairie,A wide, open grassy biome with minimal trees and rolling plains.
Rainforest,A dense tropical biome with thick vegetation and high rainfall.
Redwood Forest,A biome with towering redwood trees and shaded forest floor.
Sacred Springs,A serene biome with water features and unique vegetation.
Seasonal Forest,A forest biome with trees that reflect seasonal color changes.
Shield,A biome with rocky terrain and sparse vegetation resembling shield landscapes.
Shrubland,A dry biome dominated by shrubs and low vegetation.
Silkglades,A bright biome with glowing features and silk-like vegetation.
Sludgepit,A swampy biome with thick sludge and hazardous terrain.
Snowy Coniferous Forest,A cold forest biome with snow-covered conifer trees.
Temperate Rainforest,A dense forest biome with high rainfall and rich vegetation.
Tropical Rainforest,A hot, dense jungle biome with thick foliage and biodiversity.
Tropics,A vibrant tropical biome with beaches, palms, and lush vegetation.
Volcano,A dramatic biome featuring volcanic terrain and lava flows.
Volcanic Plains,A flat biome influenced by volcanic activity and dark soil.
Woodland,A mixed forest biome with a variety of tree types and moderate density.